Fixes to xfem 3d cutter mesh (#32780)
idaholab/moose: modules/xfem/doc/content/source/reporters/CriticalCrackGrowth.md

# CriticalCrackGrowth

## Description

The `CriticalCrackGrowth` Reporter computes the crack growth increment at every active crack front point provided by a [CrackMeshCut3DUserObject.md]. The effective stress intensity factor is

\begin{equation}
K_{\mathrm{eff}} = \sqrt{K_I^2 + K_{II}^2}.
\end{equation}

At crack front point $i$, the reported growth increment is

\begin{equation}
\Delta a_i =
\begin{cases}

> \texttt{max\_growth\_increment}, & K_{\mathrm{eff},i} > K_{\mathrm{critical}} \text{ and } K_{I,i} > 0, \\

Reviewer: Neither symbol in this criterion is tied to the parameter that supplies it. $K_{\mathrm{critical}}$ is [!param](/Reporters/CriticalCrackGrowth/k_critical), which is required and range-checked positive, and `max_growth_increment` is [!param](/Reporters/CriticalCrackGrowth/max_growth_increment). The string `k_critical` never appears anywhere on the page, so a reader cannot map the equation onto the input block. Introduce both with `[!param]` links where the equation is defined.

Author: Done. Introduced k_critical and max_growth_increment with [!param] links where the equation is defined.

_Prepared with Claude Opus 4.8 via Claude Code._

0, & \text{otherwise}.
\end{cases}
\end{equation}

> The strict toughness and positive opening-mode criteria match those used by [MeshCut2DFractureUserObject.md]. The stress intensity factors are read from the vector postprocessors selected with [!param](/Reporters/CriticalCrackGrowth/ki_vectorpostprocessor) and [!param](/Reporters/CriticalCrackGrowth/kii_vectorpostprocessor). The output vector name is controlled by [!param](/Reporters/CriticalCrackGrowth/growth_increment_name). Its default value, `growth_increment`, should be retained because [CrackMeshCut3DUserObject.md] expects that reporter value name by default.

Reviewer: There is no default reporter value name on the cutter to match: [!param](/UserObjects/CrackMeshCut3DUserObject/growth_reporter) has no default and takes a full `<reporter>/<value>` name. The example listed just below also contradicts the advice, setting `growth_increment_name = crack_growth` with `growth_reporter = critical_crack_growth/crack_growth`. Restating the default value here duplicates the `!syntax parameters` table as well.

```suggestion
The strict toughness and positive opening-mode criteria match those used by [MeshCut2DFractureUserObject.md]. The stress intensity factors are read from the vector postprocessors selected with [!param](/Reporters/CriticalCrackGrowth/ki_vectorpostprocessor) and [!param](/Reporters/CriticalCrackGrowth/kii_vectorpostprocessor). The output vector name is set by [!param](/Reporters/CriticalCrackGrowth/growth_increment_name), and that same name must be repeated in [!param](/UserObjects/CrackMeshCut3DUserObject/growth_reporter) on the [CrackMeshCut3DUserObject.md] as `<reporter_name>/<growth_increment_name>`, as the example below does.
```

Author: Done.

_Prepared with Claude Opus 4.8 via Claude Code._
